then the men of ephraim gathered
then the men of ephraim gathered together crossed over towards a fan and
together crossed over towards a fan and
together crossed over towards a fan and said to jeffer why did you cross over to
said to jeffer why did you cross over to
said to jeffer why did you cross over to fight against the people of ammon and
fight against the people of ammon and
fight against the people of ammon and did not call us to go with you we will
did not call us to go with you we will
did not call us to go with you we will burn your house down on you with fire
burn your house down on you with fire
burn your house down on you with fire and Jeff said to them my people and I
and Jeff said to them my people and I
and Jeff said to them my people and I were in a great struggle with the people
were in a great struggle with the people
were in a great struggle with the people of Ammon and when I called you you did
of Ammon and when I called you you did
of Ammon and when I called you you did not deliver me out of their hands so
not deliver me out of their hands so
not deliver me out of their hands so when I saw that you would not deliver me
when I saw that you would not deliver me
when I saw that you would not deliver me I took my life in my hands and crossed
I took my life in my hands and crossed
I took my life in my hands and crossed over against the people of Ammon and the
over against the people of Ammon and the
over against the people of Ammon and the Lord delivered them into my hand why
Lord delivered them into my hand why
Lord delivered them into my hand why then have you come up to me this day to
then have you come up to me this day to
then have you come up to me this day to fight against me Oh Jeff the gathered
fight against me Oh Jeff the gathered
fight against me Oh Jeff the gathered together all the men of Gilead and
together all the men of Gilead and
together all the men of Gilead and fought against Ephraim and the men of
fought against Ephraim and the men of
fought against Ephraim and the men of Gilead defeated he for him because they
Gilead defeated he for him because they
Gilead defeated he for him because they said you gileadites are fugitives of
said you gileadites are fugitives of
said you gileadites are fugitives of ephraim among the ephraim i'ts and among
ephraim among the ephraim i'ts and among
ephraim among the ephraim i'ts and among the Manassas the gileadite
the Manassas the gileadite
the Manassas the gileadite seized the Fords of the Jordan before
seized the Fords of the Jordan before
seized the Fords of the Jordan before the Ephraim i'ts arrived and when any
the Ephraim i'ts arrived and when any
the Ephraim i'ts arrived and when any ephraim it--who escaped said let me
ephraim it--who escaped said let me
ephraim it--who escaped said let me cross over the men of Gilead would say
cross over the men of Gilead would say
cross over the men of Gilead would say to him are you and ephraim I'd if he
to him are you and ephraim I'd if he
to him are you and ephraim I'd if he said no then they would say to him then
said no then they would say to him then
said no then they would say to him then say Shibboleth
say Shibboleth
say Shibboleth and he would say sibilant for he could
and he would say sibilant for he could
and he would say sibilant for he could not pronounce it right then they would
not pronounce it right then they would
not pronounce it right then they would take him and kill him at the Falls of
take him and kill him at the Falls of
take him and kill him at the Falls of the Jordan there fell at that time
the Jordan there fell at that time
the Jordan there fell at that time 42,000 Ephraim i'ts and jephthah judged
42,000 Ephraim i'ts and jephthah judged
42,000 Ephraim i'ts and jephthah judged Israel six years then Jephthah the
Israel six years then Jephthah the
Israel six years then Jephthah the gileadite died and it was buried in
gileadite died and it was buried in
gileadite died and it was buried in among the cities of Gilead after him
among the cities of Gilead after him
among the cities of Gilead after him herbs an of Bethlehem judged Israel he
herbs an of Bethlehem judged Israel he
herbs an of Bethlehem judged Israel he had 30 sons and he gave away 30
had 30 sons and he gave away 30
had 30 sons and he gave away 30 daughters in marriage and brought in 30
daughters in marriage and brought in 30
daughters in marriage and brought in 30 daughters from elsewhere for his sons he
daughters from elsewhere for his sons he
daughters from elsewhere for his sons he judged Israel 7 years then if zan died
judged Israel 7 years then if zan died
judged Israel 7 years then if zan died and was buried at Bethlehem after him
and was buried at Bethlehem after him
and was buried at Bethlehem after him Elam the Zebulon aiight judged Israel he
Elam the Zebulon aiight judged Israel he
Elam the Zebulon aiight judged Israel he judged Israel 10 years and Elon the
judged Israel 10 years and Elon the
judged Israel 10 years and Elon the Zebulon I died and was buried at a
Zebulon I died and was buried at a
Zebulon I died and was buried at a jeweler in the country of Zebulun after
jeweler in the country of Zebulun after
jeweler in the country of Zebulun after him abdun the son of Hilla the peer of
him abdun the son of Hilla the peer of
him abdun the son of Hilla the peer of the night judged Israel
the night judged Israel
the night judged Israel he had 40 sons and 30 grandsons who rode
he had 40 sons and 30 grandsons who rode
he had 40 sons and 30 grandsons who rode on 70 young donkeys he judged Israel
on 70 young donkeys he judged Israel
on 70 young donkeys he judged Israel eight years then abdun the son of Hillel
eight years then abdun the son of Hillel
eight years then abdun the son of Hillel appeareth a night died and was buried in
appeareth a night died and was buried in
appeareth a night died and was buried in pyrethrin in the land of 'iframe in the
pyrethrin in the land of 'iframe in the
pyrethrin in the land of 'iframe in the mountains of the Amalekites
[Music]
[Music] you